=== 0.1.4 / 2011-01-27

* Added dependencies to gem.

=== 0.1.3 / 2010-01-26

* Ruby 1.9 compatibility update; update for newer Hoe syntax.

=== 0.1.2 / 2009-04-24

* Compilation fixes for OSX. Thanks to jpemberthy and febuiles!

=== 0.1.1 / 2009-01-15

* LibXML require conflict fix.

=== 0.1.0 / 2009-01-13

* Configurable handling of "no neighbors" case.
* Tests for "no neighbors" case.

=== 0.0.9 / 2009-01-01

Happy New Year!
* New speed improvements.
* Additional visualization tweaks.
* More tests.

=== 0.0.8 / 2008-12-23

* Several C warning fixes (more ISO C compliance unused variables, etc)
* Moved minimum_spanning_tree computation into C, yielding large speed gain.
* Basic SVG visualization.

=== 0.0.7 / 2008-12-12

* Bugfix: there are cases where performing a Delaunay triangulation on a set of points will not yield a complete nearest neighbor graph. This causes computation of the minimum spanning tree and clustering to fail for these nodes (they always appear as disconnected from the main graph).

* To fix this, the nn_graph function now treats any point that is excluded from Delaunay triangulation as having *all* other points as nearest neighbors. This is a naive approach, but is a good fix while a more efficient solution is considered.

=== 0.0.6 / 2008-12-11

* Implementation of cluster_by_size to partition points into N clusters.

=== 0.0.5 / 2008-12-10

* Beginnings of clustering and useful graph algorithms.
* Some refactoring of C methods.

=== 0.0.4 / 2008-12-04

* Fixed 64-bit segfaults due to improper definition of the myrealloc() function.

=== 0.0.3 / 2008-12-03

* Fixed a segfault by using rb_ary_push instead of direct pointer manipulation. Much simpler.

=== 0.0.2 / 2008-12-03

* Computations succeed on a naive Point class, returning raw values for the associated Voronoi Diagram and Delaunay triangulation.

=== 0.0.1 / 2008-12-01

* Initial release. Nothing works.
